README.md, before:

# Featured Content Bar
Thanks to [SethBacon](https://forum.jellyfin.org/u-sethbacon) (Video integration)<br>
[BobHasNoSoul](https://github.com/BobHasNoSoul) (Original architect)<br>
[MakD](https://github.com/MakD) (Mobile Styling)

![main](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e78353a5-aa6d-4c7d-b71a-e758746b3f84)

1. Open this link and download the file [spotlight.html](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/eb786bc09464a45b8a1b866050dc078dded08c96/spotlight.html) (don't just save the link, it'll save the github page)

2. Go to your ```jellyfin-web``` folder (C:\Program Files\Jellyfin\Server\jellyfin-web) and create a folder named ```ui``` and drop ```spotlight.html``` in that folder

3. In your Jellyfin Dashboard, under ```API Keys``` create an API key for Spotlight.

4. ```Important: Open Notepad with Administrator rights, or use Notepad++ for this``` Open spotlight.html, Ctrl+F and search for ```YOURAPIKEYHERE``` and replace it with your API key

5. In the jellyfin-web folder, open the file ```home-html.RANDOMSTRINGHERE.chunk.js```

6. Ctrl+F and search for ```data-backdroptype="movie,series,book">``` 

7. Paste this after the >

```js
<style>.featurediframe {width: 95vw; height: 23.5em; display: block; border: 0px solid #000; margin: 0 auto; margin-bottom: 0em; margin-top: 1em;} @media (min-width: 2000px) {.featurediframe {height: 18em; font-size: 175%;} .layout-desktop #homeTab .sections.homeSectionsContainer {margin-top: -3em !important;}} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:portrait) {.featurediframe {height: 46vh;}} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:landscape) {.featurediframe {height: 98vh;}} @media (max-width:400px) and (orientation:portrait) {.featurediframe {height: 52vh;}} @media (max-height: 400px) and (orientation:landscape) {.featurediframe {height: 100vh;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 4/3) {.featurediframe {height: 27em;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 3/4) {.featurediframe {height: 27em;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 16/10) and (max-height: 1200px) {.featurediframe {height: 34em;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 10/16) and (max-height: 1280px) {.featurediframe {height: 25em;}} </style><iframe class="featurediframe" src="/web/ui/spotlight.html"></iframe>
```
7. Save the file.

8. Empty your browser's cached web content (Ctrl+F5 or empty it from your browser's Cookies and Site Data settings section)

9. That's it.
    
![banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b47e27d8-625f-4c92-9f89-6043ad2611ba)

# Mobile View (Landscape / Portrait)
![mobile](https://i.imgur.com/OrOzpBK.png)

# Mobile Layout, but on Desktop-sized screens

![mobiledesktop](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/22aec57b-89b8-48b1-871b-780eb620a2d0)

Open this link and download the file [this version of spotlight.html](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/main/mobile%20view%20on%20desktop%20screens/spotlight.html) (don't just save the link, it'll save the github page)

# Fullscreen Version

![Screenshot 2024-11-24 133953](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ededdd38-c16b-40f4-b5e8-86a03c6522c0)

Open this link and download the file [this version of spotlight.html](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/main/fullscreen/spotlight.html) (don't just save the link, it'll save the github page)

insert this into home-html.RANDOMSTRINGHERE.chunk.js after ```data-backdroptype="movie,series,book">``` 

```js
<style>.featurediframe { width: 99.5vw; height: 100vh; display: block; border: 0px solid #000; margin: 0 auto; margin-bottom: 40px} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:portrait) {.featurediframe {height: 46vh; width: 95vw;}} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:landscape) {.featurediframe {height: 98vh; width: 95vw;}} @media (min-width: 2000px) { .featurediframe {height:102vh;}}</style><iframe class="featurediframe" src="/web/ui/spotlight.html"></iframe>
```

and add this CSS to the very ```end``` of your Custom CSS

```css
.layout-desktop .page.homePage.libraryPage.allLibraryPage.backdropPage.pageWithAbsoluteTabs.withTabs.mainAnimatedPage { margin-top:-4.5em;}
.layout-desktop .overflowBackdropCard, .overflowSmallBackdropCard {  width: 12.7vw !important;  padding-right: 1.85em;}
.layout-desktop .skinHeader-withBackground {background-color: transparent; backdrop-filter: blur(0px);}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .section0 .sectionTitle.sectionTitle-cards.padded-left {  display: none !important;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .verticalSection.section1.emby-scroller-container {  position: relative;  top: -27em;  left: 73em; width: 29vw; margin-bottom: -17em;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .verticalSection.section2.emby-scroller-container::after { content: ''; position: fixed; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100vw; background: black; z-index: -1;}
[dir="ltr"] #homeTab .verticalSection.section0.emby-scroller-container .emby-scrollbuttons {right: -5em; top: -2em;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .verticalSection.section0 .cardText-first {display: none !important;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .sections.homeSectionsContainer { margin-top: 2em;}
.layout-desktop .sectionTitle.sectionTitle-cards.padded-left + .itemsContainer { margin-bottom: 2em;}
```

# Linux installation

1) Create the ui Directory

```sudo mkdir -p /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui```

2) Download your chosen spotlight.html file (making sure you inserted your API key) and then copy it to the new "ui" folder

```sudo cp /local/path/to/spotlight.html /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui/```

3) Add the relevant script to home-html.chunk.js

```sudo nano /usr/share/jellyfin/web/home-html.chunk.js```

4) Ensure the ui folder & spotlight.html are readable by Jellyfin

```sudo chown -R jellyfin:jellyfin /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui```

```sudo chmod -R 755 /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui```

5) Restart Jellyfin

```sudo systemctl restart jellyfin```

6) Clear Browser Cache

Make sure to clear your browser cache to load the updated home-html.chunk.js & spotlight.html 

# How to feature content in the bar

By default, the bar will feature content at random as long as it is available to the current user. 

To preselect content, place a [List.txt](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/main/List.txt) in the ```ui``` folder and paste the ID of each piece of content to be featured (IDs can be found in the address bar). 

# Uninstallation

Simply delete Step 5's snippet added to ```home-html.chunk.js``` then refresh your browser's cache.

Commit message:

include docs for docker installation

README.md, after:

# Featured Content Bar
Thanks to [SethBacon](https://forum.jellyfin.org/u-sethbacon) (Video integration)<br>
[BobHasNoSoul](https://github.com/BobHasNoSoul) (Original architect)<br>
[MakD](https://github.com/MakD) (Mobile Styling)

![main](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e78353a5-aa6d-4c7d-b71a-e758746b3f84)

1. Open this link and download the file [spotlight.html](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/eb786bc09464a45b8a1b866050dc078dded08c96/spotlight.html) (don't just save the link, it'll save the github page)

2. Go to your ```jellyfin-web``` folder (C:\Program Files\Jellyfin\Server\jellyfin-web) and create a folder named ```ui``` and drop ```spotlight.html``` in that folder

3. In your Jellyfin Dashboard, under ```API Keys``` create an API key for Spotlight.

4. ```Important: Open Notepad with Administrator rights, or use Notepad++ for this``` Open spotlight.html, Ctrl+F and search for ```YOURAPIKEYHERE``` and replace it with your API key

5. In the jellyfin-web folder, open the file ```home-html.RANDOMSTRINGHERE.chunk.js```

6. Ctrl+F and search for ```data-backdroptype="movie,series,book">``` 

7. Paste this after the >

```js
<style>.featurediframe {width: 95vw; height: 23.5em; display: block; border: 0px solid #000; margin: 0 auto; margin-bottom: 0em; margin-top: 1em;} @media (min-width: 2000px) {.featurediframe {height: 18em; font-size: 175%;} .layout-desktop #homeTab .sections.homeSectionsContainer {margin-top: -3em !important;}} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:portrait) {.featurediframe {height: 46vh;}} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:landscape) {.featurediframe {height: 98vh;}} @media (max-width:400px) and (orientation:portrait) {.featurediframe {height: 52vh;}} @media (max-height: 400px) and (orientation:landscape) {.featurediframe {height: 100vh;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 4/3) {.featurediframe {height: 27em;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 3/4) {.featurediframe {height: 27em;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 16/10) and (max-height: 1200px) {.featurediframe {height: 34em;}} @media screen and (aspect-ratio: 10/16) and (max-height: 1280px) {.featurediframe {height: 25em;}} </style><iframe class="featurediframe" src="/web/ui/spotlight.html"></iframe>
```
7. Save the file.

8. Empty your browser's cached web content (Ctrl+F5 or empty it from your browser's Cookies and Site Data settings section)

9. That's it.
    
![banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b47e27d8-625f-4c92-9f89-6043ad2611ba)

# Mobile View (Landscape / Portrait)
![mobile](https://i.imgur.com/OrOzpBK.png)

# Mobile Layout, but on Desktop-sized screens

![mobiledesktop](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/22aec57b-89b8-48b1-871b-780eb620a2d0)

Open this link and download the file [this version of spotlight.html](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/main/mobile%20view%20on%20desktop%20screens/spotlight.html) (don't just save the link, it'll save the github page)

# Fullscreen Version

![Screenshot 2024-11-24 133953](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ededdd38-c16b-40f4-b5e8-86a03c6522c0)

Open this link and download the file [this version of spotlight.html](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/main/fullscreen/spotlight.html) (don't just save the link, it'll save the github page)

insert this into home-html.RANDOMSTRINGHERE.chunk.js after ```data-backdroptype="movie,series,book">``` 

```js
<style>.featurediframe { width: 99.5vw; height: 100vh; display: block; border: 0px solid #000; margin: 0 auto; margin-bottom: 40px} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:portrait) {.featurediframe {height: 46vh; width: 95vw;}} @media (max-width:1000px) and (orientation:landscape) {.featurediframe {height: 98vh; width: 95vw;}} @media (min-width: 2000px) { .featurediframe {height:102vh;}}</style><iframe class="featurediframe" src="/web/ui/spotlight.html"></iframe>
```

and add this CSS to the very ```end``` of your Custom CSS

```css
.layout-desktop .page.homePage.libraryPage.allLibraryPage.backdropPage.pageWithAbsoluteTabs.withTabs.mainAnimatedPage { margin-top:-4.5em;}
.layout-desktop .overflowBackdropCard, .overflowSmallBackdropCard {  width: 12.7vw !important;  padding-right: 1.85em;}
.layout-desktop .skinHeader-withBackground {background-color: transparent; backdrop-filter: blur(0px);}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .section0 .sectionTitle.sectionTitle-cards.padded-left {  display: none !important;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .verticalSection.section1.emby-scroller-container {  position: relative;  top: -27em;  left: 73em; width: 29vw; margin-bottom: -17em;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .verticalSection.section2.emby-scroller-container::after { content: ''; position: fixed; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100vw; background: black; z-index: -1;}
[dir="ltr"] #homeTab .verticalSection.section0.emby-scroller-container .emby-scrollbuttons {right: -5em; top: -2em;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .verticalSection.section0 .cardText-first {display: none !important;}
.layout-desktop #homeTab .sections.homeSectionsContainer { margin-top: 2em;}
.layout-desktop .sectionTitle.sectionTitle-cards.padded-left + .itemsContainer { margin-bottom: 2em;}
```

# Linux installation

1) Create the ui Directory

```sudo mkdir -p /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui```

2) Download your chosen spotlight.html file (making sure you inserted your API key) and then copy it to the new "ui" folder

```sudo cp /local/path/to/spotlight.html /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui/```

3) Add the relevant script to home-html.chunk.js

```sudo nano /usr/share/jellyfin/web/home-html.chunk.js```

4) Ensure the ui folder & spotlight.html are readable by Jellyfin

```sudo chown -R jellyfin:jellyfin /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui```

```sudo chmod -R 755 /usr/share/jellyfin/web/ui```

5) Restart Jellyfin

```sudo systemctl restart jellyfin```

6) Clear Browser Cache

Make sure to clear your browser cache to load the updated home-html.chunk.js & spotlight.html 

# Docker installation

1) Create the ui Directory (assuming your container is named jellyfin)

```docker exec -u 0 jellyfin mkdir  /jellyfin/jellyfin-web/ui```

2) Copy your downloaded spotlight.html file to the new "ui" folder (don't forget to insert your API key)

```docker cp spotlight.html jellyfin:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/ui/```

3) Add the relevant code line to the home-html.<numbers>.chunk.js file

Since I'm not aware of a way to edit the file directly in the container, I just created the file outside and copied it
back in once I edited it:
    
```docker cp jellyfin:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/home-html.<numbers>.chunk.js .```

and then you can add the relevant code line to the file (see step 6 above)

```nano home-html.<numbers>.chunk.js```

4) Copy the file back to the container

```docker cp home-html.<numbers>.chunk.js jellyfin:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/```

5) Clear Browser Cache; if it doesn't work instantly, restart the container

```docker restart jellyfin```


# How to feature content in the bar

By default, the bar will feature content at random as long as it is available to the current user. 

To preselect content, place a [List.txt](https://github.com/tedhinklater/Jellyfin-Featured-Content-Bar/blob/main/List.txt) in the ```ui``` folder and paste the ID of each piece of content to be featured (IDs can be found in the address bar). 

# Uninstallation

Simply delete Step 5's snippet added to ```home-html.chunk.js``` then refresh your browser's cache.
